wawid mozgafidu,

muturyn,

heri deddf,

mozgafan llawog,

apomat,

orlt

Wazzup?

Wazzup?

Ok

Ooooo

Bears in the house

Yo what up

Wazzup

Wazzup

Wazzup

We can't change the spot, ok cool

What you guys been up to?

What you guys been up to?

What you guys been up to?

What you guys been up to?

Fucking sell it

Fucking sell it

Oh yeah

Oh yeah

Well you know the news

Well you know the news

Yeah

You already bring the book with you

It's a printer ok

I thought it's a book

No it's a stand

Oh

Oh

Here's a couple updates

Here's a couple updates

On books

Let's see

Let's find it

So

Wait for

Wait for

Wait for

Wait for

Wait for

Wait for

Update number one

We are incorporated

In the US for now

And at some point somewhere else

We're a Delaware LLC

We also

Opened a bank account

So we can start actually

Charging for our work

That's number two

And number three

And most importantly

Man they gave me like

100 pages of stuff

This is like

Fucking thick

Just so much fucking paper

Like hey can you send it to me digitally

It's like oh you can find it online

It's like then why are you giving me this paper

Anyway

That's the minor

The major

Is that yesterday

We got together with

Paige

And one of her

Cousins

And they do real estate

They do mortgage lending

Specifically

At the beginning

And at the end of the real estate process

Of buying a home

That's where they come in

Hey this is how much money you will probably have

To buy a house

A mortgage that will approve you for

And then at the end is

Okay now let's actually do the approval process

In between a lot of things happen

And when you're

Big

As a mortgage lender like they are

We'll talk more about real estate

And I'm still getting educated

But I'll get you guys up to speed

With how the whole process works

When you start getting big

The interactions

You start having more leverage

With the interactions

Like you start having real estate agents

That you trust

That you send customers to

As opposed to the other way around

When you're small in mortgage lending

Real estate agents

They have more reliance to you

So they have the leverage

So they charge more

And you charge less

Well in this case

It's the mortgage lender

Is big

And has the leverage

Which is great

Because they get to decide

What their process looks like

And they are ready to automate stuff

So they get to decide

What their process looks like

And we had a great meeting

Going over everything they want to implement

As of right now

More ideas will come

The initial deal

And we'll get this drafted up

So we can all

Sign it

That actual legal document

We're going to start with

Two minor automations

Major to them

Minor to programmers

They're simple enough

We just have to find

The right services for it

And try them out

On our own

And by next

Wednesday

Have

Something to share with them

So you get an idea

One of the automations

Is something I was able to do in 15 minutes

So

It's nothing that we can't do

As long as we're

Sort of focused

So I'll show you guys

What we talked about

And I'll show you

What this will look like

And how the services connect

What questions can I answer so far

If any

Is it

No

I just wanted to say

More details on what the actual thing is

Is it a paid opportunity?

This is going to become

A paid opportunity

These first couple automations

The amount of referrals

That are going to come through

This one person

Is pretty absurd

It works pretty

Symbiotically

Everything wants her team

To be more productive

This is not a real estate agent

Versus real estate agent

It's more of a

If everybody is more productive, everybody wins

Which is great, it's a great place to be in

So the first couple automations

We're doing for free, they're simple enough

We're expecting referrals

And

From third automation onward

We are charging for

Retainer

And per product

We'll dig into those details

Next week at a general executive meeting

Once we have all the details

Once we actually bring the proposal

Are you and Paige still in Maryland?

Until tomorrow

Where are you going after that?

Australia

Project number one

Very straightforward

Text message

Make a calendar event

Let's meet tomorrow at

3pm at the cafe

This gets triggered

Google Calendar event gets created

They're not using Slack or something?

They use text messages

Like SMS?

Yep

That's basically a feature of Google Calendar

In Slack

Is a chatbot okay for this?

Sorry?

Is a chatbot on

Voiceflow

Good for that task?

In this case

It's even simpler than that

It's just

Being able to identify

When the trigger

Needs to happen

And the triggers

Tend to be pretty obvious

There's a 3pm

In the text

We'll have to figure out together

What does it look like

For the trigger to be proper

I'm sure there's vast research on this


but yes, we are looking at their text messages, a service I found to simplify the process

is Open Phone.

I don't know if anybody has heard of it, but there has to be several services that allow

you to look at text and trigger something.

There might be some nuances here as to how this will work.

The iPhones might have some restrictions, we have to look into that.

However, I think that this will be pretty straightforward.

What is it, what is it?

So we can backtrack, I just want to move forward with what the client talked about.

A text message would also, in some cases, in most cases that Google Calendar even needs

to get created.

Also a task in their CRM would also need to happen.

Their CRM is called Follow Up Boss.

We're going to sort of try it out and try it out for ourselves.

We have a bunch of lead lists, so we're going to do that process ourselves, get familiarised

with the platform and start essentially doing the thing that they want to do for ourselves.

And this is part of what we're doing from here to Wednesday.

Making sure that once they're like, okay, let's go, okay, great, give me a login and

password or API keys, and we can actually get to work as opposed to getting familiarised

once things are signed.

So task number two that we're doing this week is getting familiarised with the CRM.

Wait, so do we have logins to the Follow Up Boss?

We're going to create an account ourselves.

What I find with a lot of these platforms is they're platforms and then they're similar

and then your business customises it.

So I'd rather have logins to theirs to see how they've customised it already, if that

makes sense.

So for example, in Go High Level, I had a client who had a Go High Level set up and

there are some different automations and flows and you can see the stages of their

pipeline.

That was really, really useful to me.

So if we could have just a, maybe we have our own account as well, but if we also have

a just an account that can just look at stuff on theirs, that'd be interesting.

Yes.

Well, I think there is like two things in here.

Like first, yeah, we need access to their stuff to see their process.

Even better, if we make like a business analysis, we will get access, just not today.

If you guys feel like that's something that we need to have by Monday to actually do the

process right, I'm happy to ask and we can go from there.

I think we need at least like a video, but I'm not sure how are they tech savvy to show

it all.

So maybe it's better to have credentials, but on the finishing note, like we definitely

don't want to do it like first time in their account, we definitely want to have a test

environment.

Yeah.

So we're definitely doing it in other accounts first, we just in their account, we're just

looking and it would be actually best, but I'm not sure if that's cost effective, because

if this is a free client, then I don't think it's good to make business analysis for free

unless they want to pay, but I'm not sure if they want to pay for it.

This is a free client with huge potential.

So whatever investment needs to get done, be it time or money, I'm pretty sure that

you can create an account and follow a boss for free, for example.

When it comes to business analysis, they know what they want, which is this, this is one

of the things that they want.

So when it comes to analysis, yes, let's make sure we can dive deep, but we barely understand

the real estate process at this point.

So in this case, we have the awesome circumstance that they know what they want and implementing

it is relatively straightforward, as opposed to a client that has the business, not really

sure how they see automations in that business, and then we need to give a full report of

what they will need.

So that's-

No guys, I'm actually second guessing this whole concern because in the follow up boss,

we just have to create a task.

I don't think we need to know the structure to create a task.

Correct, but to do a full business analysis, we would need to know the process.

Yeah, I'm just disregarding like at this early stage, I just disregarded the thought that we

need to analyze this because it's straightforward and it's just create a task.

So I don't think we need to know that their CRM structure even, but it will be safer to know.

If you could get the access, it will be definitely safer and possibly could save us some time

spent that we would be trying to guess rather than just see.

Yes, so absolutely, absolutely.

OK, so let's move on and we can backtrack.

Also, I looked into the follow up boss API and it looks great, man.

It looks very well documented.

You can do anything and everything.

We're getting very lucky with this.

OK, they want to do the same things for emails, but not yet because their company, their big

agency needs to approve the integration of sending emails somewhere else.

So this is on standby for emails.

This is a go for text messages.

Moving on. Action plans.

So within follow up boss and I'm going to go create an account and put some leads and walk

you guys through through a lot of this, probably on Monday.

We have something called action plans.

So a task would be something like send follow up email, but an action plan would be OK.

And what happens after?

So a bit of a sequence, if you will.

Action plans will not only be emails in their business and how they are running their

business. Physical things are a big way that they show appreciation.

So some small gifts like a, let's call it a fruit basket or a small bottle of champagne for

closing a deal, for example.

This might go to to clients.

This might also go to realtors.

So think about it as there's a bunch of people that came to see this one house at an open

house. Hey, and they all get the tour and whatever.

And afterwards, they'll all put their emails in and they need to receive a follow up email.

An action plan would automate the who needs to receive the thank you email for coming and

what happens after.

And they would automatically be set into that flow.

So classic CRM stuff.

As we say, hey, these 30 people came, these 30 new leads came to the open house, we would

also tag them.

And again, the API allows you to do all of this.

We would tag them with open house February so they can keep track of it and also we can

keep track of it programmatically.

This is one of the big things they want to do with follow up bosses, action plans.

And then there's something that we are going to do that a lot of future referrals are going to

want and need because a lot of her realtors that she's connected to don't even use a CRM and she

explained two statistics.

Number one, realtors start, say, branching out and to hiring people and would be interested or

actually can afford outside services once they hit about $5 million in sales.

It's a random figure right now.

So don't worry about the actual $5 million.

However, it is also a causality that if you're not using a CRM, you're not going to get a

job. That if you're not using a CRM, being successful as a real estate agent is very, very

hard.


So, this migration allows for real estate agents who are still managing their leads

in spreadsheets to unlock one of the tools that will help them become successful in that

business.

Yeah.

So, this is partly for future uses, for future clients, for future referrals.

However, this is a great first step for us to get very familiar with the API and with the actual CRM.

Yeah.

I think what's interesting about the CRM as compared to spreadsheets is, one, to the client, it might not look much,

but the capabilities it would give us or them, for example, just triggering stuff off a CRM,

instead of having, you're not going to trigger stuff off a spreadsheet.

Right.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Good point.

Yeah.

Yeah.

You have a ceiling of what you can do.

Yeah.

Cool.

Those are the three main things, three main flows, let's call it.

However, we talked for like two hours in chunk.

So, this is all the notes we took, all the different things they wanted to do.

I'm going to very quickly go over them and then we're going to move on.

I want us to look at the API and just answer any questions that you guys have.

So, text and emails trigger a calendar event with a reminder.

Let's look into reminder later.

Robust action plans automations.

Task, person with a certain task, meaning create task for person with certain tasks.

This may not only be one person.

This could be their social media manager.

This could be their email marketer.

So, create a task for this person with a certain task.

Then there's follow-ups and touch bases.

We talked about gifts.

Sometimes they send something and they have a service for this.

So, us triggering an automation where it's like, hey, once a quarter, so start of the quarter,

the automation sends an email to the gift company with details of all people to send gifts to.

Just going to move on.

This is not what is important right now.

I just want you guys to see all that we talked about and all the ideas that this person gave us,

that they want to implement.

Handwritten card, that's another service that they use.

They want it to be triggered automatically.

So, they don't actually have to go to the website and say, hey, it's this person,

and this is the email, and that's the email, and this is the card, whatever.

So, automate this.

And then things like for the realtors, meeting up once a quarter, for example.

Hey, let's have lunch next week.

And that's a simple text.

Very simple things that we can do.

Migration to follow-up box, so move leads from spreadsheets to follow-up box.

Social media automations.

The main one is integrations, to be able to post once and post everywhere.

Obviously, if it's a video or if it's a text post, it might not go to TikTok, right?

But essentially, post once, post everywhere relative to the type of post.

And then there's some future ones.

This is where the retainer comes in.

She has expressed a lot of desire to implement different AI tools that help with productivity.

For example, Opus Pro grabs a video and creates a bunch of shorts out of it.

I see Henry smiling.

We've been trying it for some of our meetings.

The last few days, we actually bought the full subscription.

And man, it's fucking sick.

It's so good.

And we showed it to her.

And she's like, yes, this is something that I want.

Can you do this for me?

It's like, sure, we can do this for you.

This is not really what we do.

But their social media person doesn't know this tool.

So when we're talking retainer, this actually has a purpose, which is new tools are coming out.

How can we help you improve your productivity consistently over time?

And that's what the retainer is for.

Sometimes it was fuzzy to me.

Like, hey, why are you charging a retainer for a chatbot?

Sure, maintenance and stuff, but does that mean the chatbot is going to break at any point?

It might.

Okay, so it feels like you're telling me you're selling me this great thing, but then that it's going to break.

And the value of the retainer was fuzzy to me.

This feels like great value to help their business continue to grow.

And social media is huge in real estate.

And then, again, post retainer, create posts with my style, with Canva.

This is kind of what she said.

You know, regarding the retainer feasibility, you can also say, and it's the truth.

I mean, is the chatbot going to break?

Yeah, it can.

Because every time OpenAI makes an update, prompts that you've written before might not work again.

And prompts written six months ago will probably not work as good as on the day of writing it.

So yeah, you can communicate to the clients like this.

Every time OpenAI makes an update, everything changes, basically.

Yeah, my problem with that is the perceived value goes down if they're constantly thinking.

So I think that's just a gray area to avoid.

But to go down the route of they will continuously look out for new tools and be trying to implement.

Yeah, but you're not saying it will break.

And you're actually washing hands because you're putting it all on OpenAI.

And you teach them that this technology looks like this.

This is a big player that gives us all the capabilities in here.

And every time they make an update, things might break.

And it's just the way it is.

And you need to just frame it as an educational value rather than you explaining yourself.

Yeah, I mean, I agree.

But I also think there's kind of an edge to them not knowing.

Also, getting them on educating that much would take a lot of time.

I don't know.

Well, they're definitely early adopters.

Also, they think they're first to finding about AI tools.

And it's been a year and a half.

We are so well-positioned.

It's ridiculous how well-positioned we are that they think they're first.

So I love the intellectual debate of retainer and how to show the value.

And kind of washing your hands.

Because, yes, it is not our fault, but we can fix it.

So that's going to come up inevitably.

Maybe not with this client, but in the future.

So thank you for your input, Bartek.

Knowing that there are things outside of us that are changing.

And you need someone very qualified to be able to adapt to the change.

So your chatbot keeps improving, not deteriorating over time.

Cool.

Moving on.

Email automations.

This is for the near-medium future, because they now depend on a corporation

to approve having their emails being read by an outside service.

And there's some sensitive information, like, where do I live?

I'm looking to buy this house.

This is how much money I have.

This is how much I got approved for.

Very sensitive information, so we need to treat it carefully.

But for the simpler stuff, that doesn't really require us taking information

out of their email, but us putting information in is newsletters.

Right now, she has newsletters that are done mostly manually,

but they don't even have the name personalization.

It's just a newsletter that goes out to everybody.

So at the very least, we can help with that.

And we're going to be able to help with other stuff,

but we didn't really dig into what the perfect newsletter would be.

But would this relate to a CRM automation of knowing who to send

the newsletter to?

How can we help improve CTA for the reading the email to actually

leave somewhere or ask for feedback from the newsletter?

Hey, what would you like to know about the state of real estate this year?

I said state a lot of times.

So this is for later, but newsletter is one thing that they're interested in.

And then comes the bigger conversation of privacy for the future.

Let's say the corporation doesn't approve the use case

of having the emails being read by an outside service.


that's not going to look like, yeah, just send them to OpenAI and they can train with

those emails because there is private sensitive data in there.

So how do we ensure privacy?

One way is actually going through the fine-tuning process that OpenAI has available where anything

that gets trained or any, I believe I have to confirm this, but any inputs or outputs

are not used, so are not trained on.

I have to confirm that.

However, today and always, local models will be the big privacy thing.

Running on our server, running on their server, whatever, but local models would be the winner

here.

I'm talking about a much higher price tag here.

So it's also a conversation for later on.

Because I'm assuming it's like a big corporation, right?

It's a big corporation and they are a smaller company within that corporation.

I'm not sure what the exact business legal relationship is, but yes, they work inside

of this corporation.

They probably pay fees or whatever.

And what this corporation allows them to do is sign the mortgages because it's not coming

out of these people's bank accounts when they're like, yeah, you're approved for $500,000 a

month.

It's not their bank account that it comes out of.

It's the bigger corporation that is sort of undersigning that approval for a loan.

Because I'm thinking corporation most of the time are standing on the Microsoft.

So we could try to make an Azure instance of GPT-4.

That's a wonderful idea.

We already have Azure set up.

Let's look into that.

I don't think that's the priority, but yes, let's definitely look into it because sooner

or later we need to know what the f**k we're talking about.

Okay, wonderful, wonderful.

I mean, the mortgages probably don't do that, but because I have this automation for generating

the real estate listing, like description and stuff, they're doing something like this

or not?

And that's a great question and great observation too.

The mortgage lenders, no, but they have about 40 real estate agents on the team and those

agents would want to do that.

And most of the agents are not going to overlap in district.

So within, at least in the US, a city is not really a city.

It's a collection of districts.

So there is the center of the city and you might call the whole collection of districts

the same name as San Francisco, but there's a lot of districts around and real estate

agents essentially belong to a district, to a certain district.

So most of these real estate agents don't overlap or not in competition with each other,

which is wonderful.

And when it comes to, hey, we came up with this service for creating great listings,

listing descriptions, here it is.

This is how much it costs.

And they can all use it.

This is how much it costs per user, for example.

Yeah.

And we can also automate the content generation in a similar way.

Also to the real estate, Realtor basically, because we've been doing one Realtor in the

beginning and we already have this priority map and we have a few ideas for things in

there.

So maybe we can touch on that or later we'll have a call with Paweł, he'll probably want

to bring that up.

And I actually have to bounce because we have the next meeting in about an hour.

So I'll have to bounce off and then we can continue this conversation on another call

later.

Okay.

Do you have to leave right now?

Like five minutes.

Okay.

Five minutes is great.

I just want to go over this real quickly and see if any of you have used any of these services

before or programmed with any of these services before.

Right.

Tulio.

Yeah.

Some knowledge.

Great.

Bartek, you said yes or no?

I've been playing around a little bit with Make.com, but nothing serious.

It's more of like a dummy project.

I don't know, Hubert, do you remember doing something with Tulio?

Or it was Kamil doing that?

Once again?

You remember the yearly projects with Make.com we've been doing, you and Kamil, and then

one of you, I didn't remember which one, was doing something with Tulio.

I don't think that we have the...

It was Kamil.

Tulio, it was Kamil.

I mean, Tulio is more SMS, but the main thing is the regulations with SMS that you will

need to read up on the US stuff.

US tends to be lax with those things.

Okay.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I know Tulio in other countries has issues.

Okay.

Moving on.

Open phone, if it sounds familiar to anybody.

Okay.

Bad, I will get the name of this, and probably not, but we'll just need to connect to it

or send an email.

Opus Pro, anybody?

Yeah, I've done my research on it.

Yeah.

I think it's pretty easy.

Yeah, I've heard about it, and well, I found it and stuff, so.

Yeah, yeah, cool.

Yes, this is more of an automation.

This is just going to...

It is more cataloging who's familiar.

Zapier, who has done at least two automations with Zapier?

We are make.com fanboys.

Okay, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool.

Bartek, Hubie.

I prefer make.com as well.

It tends to be cheaper.

There's only certain things you want to use Zapier and make.com for.

If Zapier might connect with and follow up better than make.com, that's the only reason

I'd choose.

Great.

That is some really good information.

Okay, cool.

Zapier, if necessary.

Cool.

And then connecting to text messages will be, yeah.

We'll figure that out probably.

Isn't that kind of Twilio?

So we have to look into...

Okay, let me ask that question.

With Twilio, am I able to read messages or just send messages?

I think you can.

Yeah, because you can read the messages.

I'd have to check.

I think you can use the API so that you can send the incoming message somewhere.

So that then tells me, oh, you can read the message, if that makes sense.

Okay, wonderful.

So, Henry, if you can look into those details of Twilio.

What's the use case, sorry, for reading text messages?

Oh, yeah, yeah.

Great question.

So the use case is going to be this.

Is there a task to...

Is there a task to complete?

Let me simplify for now.

Is there an appointment to set?

Yeah.

Okay.

And how does it know whether to book one or not?

Is it reading the message?

And in the message, it says, hey, we should catch up next week.

And then it knows.

Or the AI is deciding it would be most valuable to connect up next week.

The AI would not be deciding if it's valuable to connect.

It will just read the messages.

Lunch next week?

Yes.

Wednesday at 3 p.m. at wherever?

Great.

Wednesday at 3 p.m. at wherever would trigger now creating a calendar event.

Oh, yeah.

So we need a service that simply can read that message.

And then we'll have...

Honestly, in my mind comes an assistant that just reads the message.

What might have to happen is...

A few short prompting would probably be good enough.

But we'll see.

Yeah.

I'm thinking we might have to redirect the messages to a new phone number.

And then have them read from there.

Okay.

Cool.

Cool, cool, cool, cool.

Yeah.

Great, great.

That sounds plausible.

Let me write that down here.

Redirect messages.

Because she has a lot of texts.


so let's look into what the cost of that is and how if we would then include that into

the price or the price of the retainer.

So just if you can look at those two details regarding Tulio and would we need to redirect

messages and what would the price range be for that?

OK, you can add me to your walkthrough.

Oh, wonderful, wonderful.

OK, but that's me.

Yeah. Yeah, that's right.

Awesome. Thank you, Kuba.

Now, I'm going to look into Follow-Up Boss and look into adding a bunch of people, a bunch of leads inside of

Follow-Up Boss so we can start doing things with it.

One question, oh, and we also already kind of have two referrals.

So that's good. One that already that needs to set up Follow-Up Boss and do the migration of leads and one that

already uses Follow-Up Boss and wants the next level, the automation.

So, yay.

This is exciting, you guys.

What questions can I answer before we part into, Kuba wanted to look into into icebreakers and such, but what

questions can I answer right now?

I think I don't have a question for now.

I think we need to see the team.

So I was thinking we can also just send all messages to Twilio, to make.com and then have the just open AI call

and, you know, filter from there.

Yeah. Yeah, that would definitely be one effective approach.

But on the other side, if she's sending so much text messages that are not all of them is like, you know, relevant,

then we would have a lot of operations on make, which might be quite costly.

I mean, not that much, you know, just need to probably have some higher grade of subscription.

But we'll see how that goes later.

Great.

That's why I wanted to go into this in detail.

She might get 10 messages an hour for about 10 hours a day.

It's about 100 messages a day.

I would be surprised if it was less.

OK, we'll look into it.

Good awareness. So.

I'm thinking also about like, you know, for example, there could be a situation where she sends a message or two messages

and I basically have to read them to as a one thread to understand the context.

For example, you know, one message stays a day and the other message stays the hour.

So I'm thinking that could be a risk in that, that

just API call in make will just read one message and be out of context, kind of.

I'm thinking mitigating that could be and also mitigating the cost could be if she just,

that will require some future automation, because I was thinking if she can make screenshot and then we can set automation to send that to GPT Vision.

That makes you make screenshot when she have the, you know, the meeting in those texts.

So we are meeting all the not meeting texts.

But at that point, we're looking at her pictures.

And I don't think that that actually let's let's keep the ideas going.

Let's definitely keep the ideas going.

If there's a way to compile last four messages, for example, from a certain person.

So let's look into Tulio first.

And then we'll go through through branches of risks and solutions.

Yeah. Yeah. Cool.

So Henry and Cuba.

We're going to Tulio.

I'll look into follow up boss.

And for now, Cuba, let's keep going on the on the outreach.

I'll stick around and we can talk about it.

And Bartek, well, what does your time look like today and the next few days?

I know we're talking in an hour, but what does your time look like?

Today, I'm already fully booked.

Sorry, I meant like Monday and Tuesday more.

Let me see that in the calendar.

I got some calls in Tuesday and Wednesday.

Besides that, I'm quite, quite, quite free.

Cool. Cool.

So we'll get to work on Monday on some of the details and we can actually get a prototype probably just straight up Monday.

So we have follow up boss.

You guys, this is really cool.

Yeah. Yeah, I'm glad you find it cool.

Um, uh, Paige and I are moving to the other side of the world, um, tomorrow.

Uh, so we'll, we'll be around for on Monday for, for all the meetings and whatever.

So fortunately we're traveling through the weekend.

However, um, we were evaluating if what times would work best for you.

Uh, because we won't have anybody in the Americas.

Uh, in fact, um, I've got a last minute up there as well.

Um, basically my, my dad's now like got a job, but he's not starting until like a next month.

So he wanted to go do something.

So I'm actually flying to Thailand on Monday.

Dude also means we're in the same time zone.

That's awesome.

Singapore.

Yeah.

We're going to, I think it's four hours difference between Singapore to Sydney.

So that'll, that'll work for us a lot better.

How long are you staying in?

How long are you traveling for?

Maybe two, two, two and a half weeks.

Okay.

Yes, I know.

Yup.

Yup.

So, so I'll share, I'll share some questions that we can, we can figure out probably some, uh, better, uh, times that work for, for people.

Um, but anyway, we'll figure that out, that part out.

Um,

it also does mean I'm probably going to be, I will, I will make it, I will bring my laptop and I will work, but it will probably be about a bit.

And then, yeah, today's really my last day to like work on this before Wednesday, probably.

Cool.

Cool.

Cool.

Okay.

Awesome.

Um, great.

So let's, um,

okay.

We'll, we'll come back to that in a second.

Um, Henry, um,

Cuba, how are you doing my brother?

Where's my audio jam, bro?

Yeah.

As you can see, I'm doing fantastic.

Um, curious.

Um, what's the update on the, uh, relevance integration into the script?

Yeah.

Um, it's works, but, but, um, currently, um, the project is going in another direction.

So I figure out that Landgraf would be like the best right now.

So we need to like, like we create everything with Landgraf because, um, we need like your outlier because when, like, it could come

comes in, we need like an LLM as I like as a router for the question.

So it's kind of like direct the question to the right agent.

Do you understand what I'm trying to say?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It can like walk in a loop.

So that's what I'm trying to like figure out at the moment.

So, well, I tried out, I tried out the relevancy API and it works well, but the only problem right now is the email prompt.

Which is like, it's like taking so much of like, um,


the course is very rare, I mean I tried the prompt template, so I need to address that

first.

Okay, so you're talking about, let me share a screen and you can show me which portion

you're talking about.

Okay.

You mean for like email draft?

Yep.

Yes.

Like break the email?

Yeah.

Breakers.

And then.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Here.

Yeah, those prompt templates.

Yeah.

Okay.

Do you use Langsmith?

Like, have you tried?

I have not.

Okay.

Langsmith is just like for debugging and like checking token cost.

So when I checked, this is costing like about almost a dollar, so we need to like refine

the prompt to like make it better and.

Wait, so only this is costing a dollar is what you're saying?

Yeah, almost a dollar.

Oh, okay.

Cool.

Is that with the output as well?

Yeah.

Okay.

Cool.

This is for last month.

Can you just show me last month?

Please show me last month.

Here we go.

So these were like four or five runs of that event, of that script.

Is this what you're saying?

Yeah.

Okay.

Can you go to Langsmith?

Just log into Langsmith.

Okay, I'm using my API.

I need to share my screen.

Give me a minute.

Okay.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's cool.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Okay.

Okay.

Okay.

Okay.

Okay.

Okay.

Okay.

Okay.

Okay.

Message.

Nice.

I'm getting a message from his computer.

Yeah, that's cool.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Yes.

There you go.

No, not yet.

Yeah, it's loading.

Yeah. Okay.

Yes, so this is what I'm talking about.

So I can see the agents that I can see all my workflow here.

So for that draft an email.

32,000 tokens from what?

Sometimes, I guess, I guess it's just the agents will be just sometimes like spin off.

Can you can you see what percent of the tokens are the output what percent of the tokens are the prompt.

Well, we have the prompt, so.

Oh, but it has like the question input and then the agent scratch pad.

Summarize.

We're going to optimize the knowledge base because that's not very effective.

Oh, nice.

Okay.

Yep.

So this is the output of the.

Where's the email.

Okay.

I'm sorry. This was like the question that I asked. So this is the amount of tokens for each of it. So for the email output.

I think it should be.

Okay, so for that one for that one prompt, which is the numbers of the 1800.

That amount of tokens are consumed.

Yeah. Okay. Well, you know, you know, like when you're using an agent, like it's breaking the tax step by step, step by step.

So let's from the beginning.

For me, this is the input. My input was dropped on email using like a summarized version of our knowledge base.

Yes, this is the output.

So 1300 tokens is what the input was.

And then the whole step by step of breaking down the action input observation.

And running the step by step of the Lang chain.

Then that in total was 32,000. Is that what we're saying here?

Yeah.

Does that include like icebreakers and all that stuff? Or is this purely just that one step of drafting the email?

Just the step of using our summarized knowledge base.

So what we're using now is the prompt, the icebreaker, the output from the icebreakers and summarized version of our knowledge base.

And then we're going to run the step by step of breaking down the action input observation.

And then running the step by step of the Lang chain.

And then the whole step by step of the icebreaker.

And then we're going to run the step by step of the Lang chain.


Okay, and what you're proposing for minimising token usage is changing to

line graph. No, no, no, no, no, line graph is just like, line graph is just like routing, like, questions, when you, like,

when an input is sent to an element, to route it to the right agent, you don't need, like,

can perform loop with the tools, like, you just need to give it the input, it knows, like, the

tool that it's going to use, because of its ability. Gotcha. Yeah. So, line graph is just,

it's just a better way to route agents, like, making it more autonomous, something like,

thereabouts. So, yeah, but we need to, like, fix this prompt to be more effective and, like,

minimise the cost of the tokens. Yes, we definitely do. Okay.

It's cool. I'm thinking of something, I'll try that and give it back to you, just, like, giving

you all the tools. Sounds good. I do really want us to prioritise making sure that, well, let me,

let me just double check and backtrack a second. I'm looking at the icebreakers.

We have five icebreakers. Professionally relevant, interest-based,

adaptive communication style. Cool. Timely and relevant icebreaker,

suggestive of collaboration icebreaker. So, the icebreaker seems to, like, be writing,

not a whole email, but it is going for the congratulations on the release of whatever.

It's an impressive and collaborative effort. Could you elaborate on how this dataset could

be learning and multimodal perception? We might want to start choosing a real estate agent to

ask more relevant questions to what we're actually going to do, but could we set up a time to discuss

this further? Okay. Now comes the portion that we talked about. I'm going to share a screen real

quick. Hey, guys, I have to bounce now. Okay. Sounds good. We'll see you later, Huy. Now comes

this portion of introducing the human. We have some icebreakers. We'll run it a few times with

different people. We'll collect those icebreakers and then actually evaluate. So, I'll get together

with Zach, and we can look at it. We can set up some time and actually go through a bunch of

icebreakers. It feels to me that if we're going to do this in an organized, systematic manner,

we're going to need Airtable. So, uploading these to the Airtable base that we created

so we can actually look at them one by one and have notes of what we would change.

I'm thinking aloud here. Human here, upload icebreakers to Airtable. We can have a table

of icebreakers, and then we can fine-tune starting from the icebreakers. The concern

that you bring up for tokens is a super valid concern, and we have the options of changing the

model. We also have the option of changing the prompt to make it smaller so that at every step

that it gets processed, it's not consuming a multiplicative amount of tokens. That might come

through optimizing the knowledge base first, kind of like creating the summary of the knowledge base

first, because the knowledge base tells a whole story, and we don't need the whole story.

We just need, objectively, this is how we're involved, this is our offer, this is what we

offer, and this is the ideal customer profile that we're going for. So, knowledge base,

summary, should only contain ICP, our offer, and ethos of the organization. Amplify the human.

And this could just be, this could be just a whole summary. We might give it a little more,

but let's start there. So, we'll create a summary of the knowledge base, and that will, number one,

help with reducing token usage and not having the model have to go through so much information,

we'll just confuse it. What other thoughts come to mind?

So, I'm thinking of refining the prompt. Okay. Email prompt. I'm thinking of refining it.

And is that shortening?

I can't see shortening. I think, like, creating it from, like, the beginning, but I'm thinking

to be implementing some things from PFE, from this one that we're using, but really, like,

building it from scratch. So, I'll just try, I'll try out a lot of, like, iterations and

see what works out well. Okay. Sounds good. I think I'm going to look at this icebreaker prompt

and probably change a few things, not much. I think this is pretty straightforward and effective.

We just need to go test it with our actual ideal customer profile.

We just need to go test it with our actual ideal customer profile, real estate agents,

and we're working on that with the sales team. There also came the other question of, like,

hey, what framework of email do we use? So, we'll be integrating that as well.

Maybe that's something that helps guide this a bit more. Like, hey, here is the framework.

Okay. Kuba, can we make sure that this gets uploaded to the GitHub?

Yeah, sure. Sure.

We can create a repository. I'll create a repository and

I'll come in.

Okay.

Oh, that's cool. I didn't know they had this.

Anyway, I'm getting distracted.

So, we have personalized outreach system. I'm adding you guys in here.

I'm going to security.

Settings, collaborators. Great.

And we have

rate for members.

Can you guys see if you can get here?


Yeah, I'm in the GitHub.

Cool.

Where exactly are you looking?

Oh, just the Personalised Outreach System, if you can see it.

Yeah, I'm in it.

Cool.

And Kuba, you too?

Oh, yes, I'm coming.

Awesome, awesome.

So, that's where we're going to update everything.

So, if you could start with this initial commit, and then we'll go forward.

There's definitely some to-do's.

Kuba, what's your GitHub username?

Kuba, K-U-B-A. Let me send my open to K-U-B-A.

Oh, really?

Cool, man.

Upload icebreakers to Airtable.

Optimise email draft token usage.

Oh, okay, wait.

I'm going to remove Ahmed, because we only have four seats.

Oh, I see.

Yep, yep.

Yeah.

Great.

It deleted what I wrote.

Have you heard from Ahmed?

Yeah, I did.

Okay.

I also do...

Nan messaged me last night.

Oh, cool.

Saying he's fine and stuff.

Oh, yeah, he just made it back to France.

He messaged me too.

Oh, very awesome.

Optimise token usage on email draft.

Okay.

So...

Oh, wait.

Yes.

Kuba, can you drop your email address to the GitHub in the chat?

To your GitHub account.

All right.

Okay.

So...

$10 for a million tokens.

$30 for a million tokens.

So that's 3 cents for 1,000 tokens.

For output, 1 cent for 1,000 tokens.

Okay.

So, yes, we definitely want to be using this.

However, if we're talking GPT-4...

Oh, what?

GPT-4 Turbo?

Oh, bro, we got to be using GPT-4 Turbo.

Are we not?

It's like half the cost.

It's a third of the cost, yeah.

And then GPT-3.5 Turbo, if we...

Yeah, they're making them cheaper as well.

It's crazy.

It's absurd.

Yeah, I've sent it.

It's in the chat.

Yep.

I found you.

Cool.

So I'm just going to go update the model real quick.

I didn't realize you weren't using Turbo.

I would have said something, sorry.

Oh, but we found out now.

And that's what's important.

All right.

I'll send you an invitation.

It might be in your email.

All right.

I'll check it now.

And this is the organization called FastRise GitHub, yeah?

Yep.

Cool.

So GPT-4, preview, preview.

Kuba, if I run this whole thing, then you would be able to look at that same analysis of token cost.

Yeah?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure.

Okay, cool.

I added you as a collaborator, so yes.

Awesome.

Yes, because we, yes, because you, yep, yep, yep.

I'm going to connect and then run all.

Okay, let's see what happens.

Okay.

So this will be slow.

That's something that we'll have to work with.

And it's fine because this is not time limited, fortunately.

As we prepare leads to send emails for a campaign, we have time to prepare them.

Even just running it overnight is good enough.

So don't be too concerned about that part.

And we will optimize over time.

All right, cool.

Yep.

And yeah, the other thing is LinkedIn profile URLs.

Most of the time we'll have it, not always.

So it's great that you left that in there.

We'll keep using it.

And.

Yeah, I was about to ask about that.

I saw your comment about it before.

Oh, yeah.

I didn't get like what you're trying to say.

Oh, okay.

Which one?

This one or this one?

About the LinkedIn URL.

Oh, yeah.

So for some of our lead lists, the LinkedIn URL will already be available.

So this step where we're doing the SERP for finding the.

No, it's not SERP.

We're doing the search of the LinkedIn URL.

This step would need to be skipped because we already have the LinkedIn URL.

So how does this flow change when we don't actually need to do this step?

So.

And.

Sorry.

So this is where long graph comes in.

So.

Okay.

We use like an LLM as like a router.

Instead of like.

Okay.

In a case where we have only the LinkedIn URL.

The LLM router knows that.

Okay.

It's not going to use.

It's not going to be directed to this agent.

Okay.

So instead we're going straight to.

This.

Yeah.


Yeah, so, so, you are not using, we are not going to use like this agent. Do you understand?

Like the router agent, we are going to create an agent that does the routing for each question.

Yeah.

If you input a LinkedIn link, so you know you are asking, you are skipping this agent, you are going to, the right agent that you are looking for. Do you understand?

Yes, I do. I understand. I guess my question is, so right now and for the near future, the critic will be set in different places, right?

Here, there is another critic here, there is another critic here. And there is probably one loop that happens.

However, it is mostly sequential. In fact, this loop is just a sequence where we put the email writer here and then the email gets sent.

So, since it is sequential and the LinkedIn profile, whether we have a LinkedIn profile or not, is pretty binary. It comes from a variable.

Would we really need a whole agent, a whole routing agent to decide what step comes next? Or can we just do an, hey, if this variable is filled in this lead list, in this spreadsheet, in the CSV, then do this step.

If not, then do that step. Is there another purpose to the routing agent?

No, no, no, no, no. That works too, at least. That works. It makes things much easier.

Okay. My ideal, in my ideal view, what you said, yes, it applies. There is a critic that will, whatever, do an assessment of the icebreakers and then say, hey, you know what, let's go back to the icebreakers step because none of these are good.

Ideally, that's something that happens. For now, for a V1, let's keep it sequential. Let's keep it code and, in a way, reducing, minimizing the amount of agents that we're using, even as we're using like 10 different agents.

Okay. So I'm with you on the application. Let's keep it simple for now. Let's keep it programmatic. And as soon as I can, I will give you a CSV of what that actually looks like, of what those leads actually look like.

And when that LinkedIn profile column, that data is there or it's not. Yes, this is the LinkedIn URL, or it's empty. If it's empty, then run this step. Yeah, run this step. So we'll get around to that. For now, what you're doing here is wonderful.

And we will decide for the next step, check if the leads CSV contains a LinkedIn profile URL.

If it doesn't, skip next step.

If it does, make LinkedIn profile URL equal to whatever, data frame, which has the same name, LinkedIn profile URL. Okay. Cool.

And as we're looping through the people in this data frame, in the CSV, we can actually play with the variables inside and all that stuff. And we'll integrate the Instantly API later.

Yeah. Anyway, I think we're on the same page about that. Anything else to note? Anything else I should look at here?

I think that should be all for now.

Okay.

I'm going to try running this one more time.

And we are also not right now. You're comfortable. If you're comfortable with Google Colab, that's great.

We'll just make sure we have a version of it in the GitHub. And we are going to transition to, unless you can have GitHub. Yeah, yeah. Save a copy to GitHub. Okay, great.

As long as we're clicking on that. So good. Just can't see the organization.

Why not? Because it's not public? Is that a problem?

I can see it here.

Okay.

I just can't see the organization here, which is weird.

I can't see FastRice.

Why not? Because it's not public? Is that why? Because it's not public?

I can see it here.

Okay. Anyway, that's a neat thing.

We can move it to Visual Studio Code or something.

My point is, whatever you're comfortable coding is fine, as long as we have an updated version of it in GitHub every time. And I can just be using Visual Studio that I feel comfortable with. And I can be running it there. So it works.

I just actually built it out using Colabo. Yeah, I'll move it over to Visual Studio Code. Then I can just pull in from the GitHub repo.

Okay, sounds good.

Yeah.

And just going to change the name too, just so we're on the same page.

And let me run the rest of this.

Just want to have you here while I run this.

Oh, I have another meeting.

Okay, cool. Beautiful. Very readable.

Oh, it's still running. Okay.

To assess the relevance and potential alignment with our company's strategic goals in the AI sector, expertise, experience, and interests against the backdrop of our company.

AI sector, you will always carefully review information of the person.

Assess how significant a person is in artificial intelligence.

Okay, we will also, I'll work on tuning that prompt.

Just so we're on smoother.

But it's good. It's good.

And down here, we put a step, part of the to-do list.

Then we talked about optimized qualifier prompt.

I also looked at uploading to Airtable for human review.

Sync with GitHub.

Latest version accessible to everyone.


Lovely. Okay. Great. Thank you, you guys. Oh, yeah. Checking this, checking this. Ran,

LinkedIn profile, LinkedIn data. No, no, no, no. That should be deleted. I'll delete it. This is,

this is what, this is for like when I was using this proxy call. Yes, that's right. That's right.

So I'm going to delete it. That's why I moved everything down. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So this,

and then, then it finished. Okay. If you can just upload a version that includes this,

maybe with a comment. I want us to have different available options. And this could, this worked,

it worked. So having that code somewhere in the code base, it's just going to be a good idea

overall. Okay. Great. Okay. The email draft agent stopped due to iteration limit or time limit.

Do you know what that's about?

Yeah, that was when I was like running the, the email. Did you just run this one now?

Yeah. Yeah. I just ran it just now. Oh, okay. Let me see it. I need to bring down the email

into a smaller section.

Did you, the input of the email, did you run the like email block?

Yes. Yep. Okay. So

let me see.

Weird.

Okay. I have to go to a meeting. I'll, I'll leave you with that. And

why is he writing John Doe?

John Doe is just like Laura Hampson.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know why, why that changed though. When would it have changed John?

It's the only time it shows up. It just.

Unless the LLM model automatically names it John Doe.

Yeah. Yeah. Maybe. If you can look into that on your side, Kuba.

Then I'll check it out.

Yeah. Great. Wonderful. Any questions that come up, clarification, please hit me up and, and,

and we can, we can make sure we have it done, but these are the to-dos. If there's any confusion at

all, we can talk about it. Check iteration limit

error on critic and check John Doe instead of Yann LeCun. I believe it's on, on icebreakers.

No, on, on email. Cool. You guys let's have a great rest of your day.

Yeah. Did you want to talk about the Thailand thing? I know you said something.

Yes, I do. And I have a meeting with Bartik and Powell. Sorry for, sorry that I kept you here.

Let's talk about it later. Essentially what I'm saying is like you're with your dad,

obviously enjoy your time. And as things speed up, we'll also like make sure that we give you

very specific, clear tasks so you can organize yourself.

That's it. Then that's fine. Yeah, no, I totally get it.

Cool. Thank you. Thanks for everything. Appreciate it.

Yeah. Yeah. My pleasure. It's time to, time to accelerate. Let's do this.

All right. Peace out, man.

Bye guys.

Paige, let's meet in a different link. I'll send it to you.

